The primary takeaway that I had from the reading this week is how to control the display of content on the page by using a box. By default, a browser flows the content from the top left to the bottom right. Sometimes I want to highlight content with a different style and formatting to draw the user’s attention to it. To practice, I added a box to the main content area of my project site, sampson.info. I followed the example from the reading to understand how each element interacts with other elements. The information about the order of the padding and margin specifications was helpful too. 

The CSS box consists of a series of nested boxes. The outer box is the margin, next comes the border, then padding, then the content. Defining attributes of the box can manipulate how the content is displayed on the page. Defining the attributes in the CSS file allows the formatting to be reused on multiple HTML pages. Modifying the CSS file would then modify the display of all the CSS boxes on all the HTML pages. This can save a lot of time and achieve a consistent user experience as the user moves from page to page on a site. 

Throughout this course, I have been concerned with having my final site be mobile responsive. I adapted a grid view and media query from the W3C school website to get my content areas to flow properly from desktop to mobile. I wonder if this would have been better to do with boxes. Certainly I plan to incorporate boxes into my various content areas as I continue to work on the final project.

By reading through this chapter, I also finally figured out why I could not get an external style sheet to work. Previously I had not included all the information in the link tag. Including more details in the <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="style.css"> element helped. After adding the <type> element my links to the external style sheet worked. It was a huge relief to resolve this problem. I also inspected my project site in the Chrome developer tools and added the language attribute and the meta tag for character set.
